V2-3607 Amendments for cart.isLoaded (#51)
volusion/element-documentation: references/cart-events/README.md

```js
{
    addToCart: "cart.addToCart",

>     isLoaded: "cart.isLoaded",

Reviewer: Should be `askIfLoaded`, and missing the `replyWithLoaded` event.

});
```

### `isLoaded`

> The cart publishes this event after the cart loads. Your blocks can subscribe to it to trigger an action after the cart has loaded, like adding an item to the cart. You wouldn't want to do this before the cart had loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cart publishes this event after the cart loads. Your blocks can subscribe to it to trigger an action after the cart has loaded, like immediately adding an item to the cart through queryParams. 
```

Reviewer: Since it's incredibly unlikely that a user interaction for the cart will be made before the cart is loaded, I don't want to give the impression that this step is necessary for any ATC events.

Reviewer: Also, let's wait to merge this in until after the Cart block gets updated.

Author: Good call. Updated accordingly.

});
```

### `askForTotalItems`

The cart subscribes to the `askForTotalItems` event. You can publish it from your own blocks to request a reply with the total cart items. You may want to execute this function on an interval until you receive a reply. See [replyWithTotalItems](#replyWithTotalItems) for information about the reply.

### `askForTotalItems` Usage

```js
// publish the event

> this.props.pubSub.publish(this.props.events.cart.askForTotalItems, {});

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this.props.pubSub.publish(this.props.events.cart.askForTotalItems);
```

```

### `askIfLoaded`

The cart subscribes to the `askIfLoaded` event. You can publish it from your own blocks to request a reply notifying you that the cart has loaded. You may want to execute this function on an interval until you receive a reply. See [replyWithLoaded](#replyWithLoaded) for information about the reply.

### `askIfLoaded` Usage

```js
// publish the event

> this.props.pubSub.publish(this.props.events.cart.askIfLoaded, {});

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this.props.pubSub.publish(this.props.events.cart.askIfLoaded);
```
